N.E.D
ER DIAGRAM EXPLANATION

CUSTOMER- represents shop customer
	Customer_id is the primary key. Personal information isn’t used as the primary key due to lack 
of uniqueness and possibility of duplication, even with an intersection of multiple personal identifiers. 
	Customer_name used to personalize shopping experience. 

ORDER- represents order placed by customer
	Order_id is the primary key. Date/time isn’t used nor any other identifier due to the possibility 
of two identical orders occurring in the same exact time.
	Customer_id is the foreign key. It connects customer to their order.	
       Date- used to keep track of when order was placed to ensure that shipping occurs in a timely 
manner. 
       Product_Id is the foreign key that connects order to products.
       CC_num- customers billing info
	Shipping_address- indicates where order is shipped to.
	Tracking_number- gives both the user and employee the ability to track the order once shipped
	Order_Status indicates status of order. Shipped or Processing
	Total_Cost- total cost of the order
	Notes- can be left blank! Notes set by employees about an order
	

PRODUCTS- represents products sold by store and bought by the customer
	Product_ID is the primary key. Name can’t be used because two products could have the same 
name but different sizes/colors/ etc. 
	Product_name is the name of the product.
	Product_in_stock is the quantity of the product
	Product_Cost is the cost of the product(for the customer)

	
Relationships-
       has- is a binary many to many relationship between Order and Products. It keeps track of what 
products constitute an order, as well as the effect an order has on product inventory. An Order can have 
many products and an instance of a product may exist in many orders. Has has a relationship attribute-
quantity that keeps track of the quantity of a product that is in an order.
pays for- is a binary 1 to many relationship between Customer and Order. It keeps track of what order 
belongs to what customer.


